interview-questions.md, before:

# ASSESSMENT 2: Interview Practice Questions

Answer the following questions.

First, without external resources. Challenge yourself to answer from memory as if you were in a job interview.

Then, research the question to expand on your answer. Even if you feel you have answered the question completely, there is always something more to learn. Write your researched answer in your OWN WORDS.

1. What is iteration?

  Your answer:

  Researched answer:



2. The built in method .map() takes predefined parameters. What are they? Which are required and which are optional?

  Your answer:

  Researched answer:



3. What is object destructuring?

  Your answer:

  Researched answer:



4. What is the difference between an object and a class?

  Your answer:

  Researched answer:



5. Why would you use the method super()?

  Your answer:

  Researched answer:



6. STRETCH: What is hoisting in JavaScript?

  Your answer:

  Researched answer:



## Looking Ahead: Terms for Next Week

Research and define the following terms to the best of your ability.

1. React:

2. React lifecycle methods:

3. React state:

4. Component invocation/call:

5. DOM Events:

Commit message:

added build out for interview and conding concepts

interview-questions.md, after:

# ASSESSMENT 2: Interview Practice Questions

Answer the following questions.

First, without external resources. Challenge yourself to answer from memory as if you were in a job interview.

Then, research the question to expand on your answer. Even if you feel you have answered the question completely, there is always something more to learn. Write your researched answer in your OWN WORDS.

1. What is iteration?

  Your answer:

  Researched answer: Specific code that can be run over an over until it meets a specific condition, each time the code is run is one iteration



2. The built in method .map() takes predefined parameters. What are they? Which are required and which are optional?

  Your answer:

  Researched answer: value (required), index (optional), array map is called on (optional)



3. What is object destructuring?

  Your answer:

  Researched answer: creating a variable of the object key that is assigned the pathway to through the object, allows you to access the key without extra dot notation



4. What is the difference between an object and a class?

  Your answer:

  Researched answer: Class is a blueprint for an object, defines data and behavior of the object, object is the specific entity



5. Why would you use the method super()?

  Your answer:

  Researched answer: Pass properties of a parent class to a child class



6. STRETCH: What is hoisting in JavaScript?

  Your answer:

  Researched answer: JavaScript behavior that moves declaration to the top of the scope



## Looking Ahead: Terms for Next Week

Research and define the following terms to the best of your ability.

1. React: JavaScript library for building user interfaces

2. React lifecycle methods: Set of built in methods that operate at specific times during the life of a component

3. React state: Object that determines how the component behaves

4. Component invocation/call: Component has to be imported and then called in the return which will build the JSX of the component being called

5. DOM Events: Changes that occur within a document, used to trigger a function
